♪ [music] ♪
Now I'm going to show you how to deploy it
to a PHP, Apache, you know,
your Bluehost, GoDaddy, everybody's got
one of these servers kicking around, and
it just costs a couple bucks a month, and
because it's just an HTML file, it works
really, really well for something like
this. So, first I just want to go into our
index.js.and we'll back off that base name
part because I am going to be deploying
mine to catchoftheday.westboss.com. If you
are deploying it to a sub-directory
instead of a sub-domain, then you do have
to keep this base name in here and let's
say you were deploying it to
catchoftheday, you would say,
"/catchoftheday" and then also in your
package.json, open that up again,
your homepage, again if you are deploying
it to a sub-folder, you have to put in
westboss.catchoftheday.westboss.com/
whatever the name is here,
but in my case since I am deploying
directly to a route, I do not need that
one piece in my package.json So I've
deleted that, I have to go up a level,
npm run build. Then go into whatever FTP
client you are using to FTP this up, or
SSH, however you get your files
onto your server, do that.
I am just going to go and take my
index.html, and my static and my fav icon,
and I'm going to upload all of them,
and you can see that I have my
sub-domain already set up here.
And once that's done, if I refresh,
we now see catchoftheday, I can visit the
store, I can't log in just yet because I
need to...just here, watch, it doesn't
work. But if I go to firebase.google.com,
go to my console, go to my actual Firebase
database, go to "Auth," "Sign In" method,
and I am going to add westboss.com . You
don't need to add star.westboss.com, it's
assumed, and that's okay. So I can "Add"
that. I'm also going to add github.io at
the same time. Make sure those domains
are there. So if I refresh this now,
first of all, that doesn't work, we will
see why, but go to
catchoftheday.westboss.com or whatever
your URL is, visit the store,
now if I try to log in with gitHub, it
works just fine because I've added it.
I can load up some sample fishes and use
the app as we have, but the problem is
again, when we have this
/store/thestorename, if I were to refresh,
it's broken again, and why is that? It's
because our server is not doing the
routing, our client, React Router, is
doing the routing, and we need to tell our
server, "Take everything from this domain
and serve up index.html.
Any of these routes you need to serve us
index.html" and we are going to handle the
routing for us. So it depends on
what type of server that you have.
The most common type of server is called
an Apache server, and you can do that with
what's called a .htaccess file. So, I am
going to go into my catchoftheday and
create a new file called "htaccess,"
and bring this local if you want.
And I'm going to just edit that file.
Inside of that file I need to put a couple
rules. I'm going to paste it in here, but
essentially what this does is it creates a
rule that whenever you have any
forward slash, just serve up either the
requested file name,
like style.css,
or if nothing is found, the index.html,
that's what's going to happen.
I save that, it re-uploads it for me and
now my htaccess should visit this URL and
say, "Oh, there's nothing actually there.
There's no folder called
store/itchymysteriousfungi. I'm going to
serve up index.html instead." And there
it's working for me. No problem there. I
can go ahead and edit all of my content
and there's no issues with routing. So
that's with an htaccess file.
However, there also is another kind
and that is with an NGINX file.
And if you just do a quick Google for
NGINX single page app you'll see that this
is what you have to put. This goes into an
nginx.conf file and that will try the file
and if not, it will always serve up
...in this case it's serving up base.html,
but you can change that to index.html, and
that will always be served to every single
URL. So you have to know a little bit
about how NGINX and all of that stuff
works, however, if you don't know what you
have, if you just have like a regular PHP
server, you probably have an Apache server
and you can create this .htaccess file and
dump this in. So that's it. That's really
all it is to deploy it to your server.
Make sure that you have this one file
and you're good to go.